feat: add partitioned (#261)
fastify/fastify-cookie: README.md

  - An `Array` can be passed if key rotation is desired. Read more about it in [Rotating signing secret](#rotating-secret).
  - More sophisticated cookie signing mechanisms can be implemented by supplying an `Object`. Read more about it in [Custom cookie signer](#custom-cookie-signer).

- `parseOptions`: An `Object` to modify the serialization of set cookies.

#### parseOptions

##### domain

> Specifies the value for the [`Domain` `Set-Cookie` attribute][rfc-6265-5.2.3]. By default, no

Reviewer: MIssing links:

<img width="483" alt="image" src="https://github.com/fastify/fastify-cookie/assets/11404065/e337df8c-d358-4a6c-9f40-99468701ecec">

so if both are set, they should point to the same date and time.

##### httpOnly

Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`HttpOnly` `Set-Cookie` attribute][rfc-6265-5.2.6]. When truthy,
the `HttpOnly` attribute is set, otherwise it is not. By default, the `HttpOnly` attribute is not set.

**Note:** be careful when setting this to `true`, as compliant clients will not allow client-side
JavaScript to see the cookie in `document.cookie`.

##### maxAge

Specifies the `number` (in seconds) to be the value for the [`Max-Age` `Set-Cookie` attribute][rfc-6265-5.2.2].
The given number will be converted to an integer by rounding down. By default, no maximum age is set.

**Note:** the [cookie storage model specification][rfc-6265-5.3] states that if both `expires` and
`maxAge` are set, then `maxAge` takes precedence, but it is possible not all clients by obey this,
so if both are set, they should point to the same date and time.

##### partitioned

Specifies the `boolean` value for the [`Partitioned` `Set-Cookie`](rfc-cutler-httpbis-partitioned-cookies)
attribute. When truthy, the `Partitioned` attribute is set, otherwise it is not. By default, the
`Partitioned` attribute is not set.

> **Note:** This is an attribute that has not yet been fully standardized, and may change in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **Warning:** This is an attribute that has not yet been fully standardized, and may change in the future without reflecting the semver versioning.
```

  - More sophisticated cookie signing mechanisms can be implemented by supplying an `Object`. Read more about it in [Custom cookie signer](#custom-cookie-signer).

> - `parseOptions`: An `Object` to pass as options to [cookie parse](https://github.com/jshttp/cookie#cookieparsestr-options).

Reviewer 2: If we are going to vendor the upstream package, we need to pull in the documentation, too.

Author: I was going to ask about that..

Should I remove the README change and import the docs in another PR or add it all here?

Reviewer 2: I would just go ahead and fix it in this PR by pulling in the upstream docs.
